All right, y'all. Bitcoin is about to do
the unthinkable. Look at what is
happening right here on the chart.
Bitcoin is getting a bounce from a key
support. I'm in a little bit of a long
trade. This is the trade I opened up
live during my live stream yesterday.
The live stream where I for the first
time in my life made $100,000 in one
trade. And also, of course, we're still
in the short trade that we gave in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord on the 14th of
May. We were up right now tens of
thousands of dollars. And we are going
to be diving deep into the charts today
and answering all the questions you are
thinking such as where is this guy's
shirt? Why is this guy on a treadmill so
sweaty? Why does this guy still live in
his mom's garage if he makes so much
money as a trader? Yeah. And of course,
we're going to talk about the Bitcoin
price and what is most likely to happen
next. So, MAKE SURE TO LIKE, SUBSCRIBE,
AND CLICK THE B FOR NOTIFICATION cuz
this is a great uh YouTube channel.
Right. So, we're going to paint a little
picture here of what's been going on
with the uh the Bitcoin lately here. So,
first of all, Bitcoin has formed a
sideways range ever since February 6th.
This is our range right here. And what's
been happening lately is of much
importance. So, the Bitcoin price came
down right over here on the 1st of June
around there. And we got a fake out of
the low that we made on February 6th.
Very, very important. Why is so
important? Well, because when you come
down to the bottom of a range and you
fake out the range low, that opens up
the door for us to get a move all the
way back up to the range high. And you
can see that initially it started out
pretty good, right? We got a blue candle
and then we started the week coming up,
but then we closed the week purple and
then this week, of course, we are
breaking down. We've actually made a new
low. So yesterday, what happened was
this. the Bitcoin price came down and we
made another new low, taking out the
first low that we made on June 1st and
we got another fake out of the low. In
fact, you can see as we dip into the
level, if we put on our oscillator, you
can see that well on some of the lower
time frames, we actually had some
interesting looking bullish divergences.
We saw the momentum waves getting
higher. We saw the money flow getting
higher. And so in my opinion, this did
warrant a bit of a long trade, which is
why I took the long trade in the stream
from yesterday. When I saw that we were
getting the bounce from that level and I
saw that we were consolidating within
this first little bull flag, I took the
long trade. And of course, now I've
locked in about $3,000 of profit. Still
have about $4,000 on realized. But
here's what we need to understand. Is
this actually bullish? In my opinion,
the answer is a big fat no. And I'm
sorry to say that, but here's why I
don't think this is bullish. We had our
opportunity to get a fake out of the low
right back here. And instead of coming
back inside the range, back testing the
value area low as support and making a
higher high, instead we reject from the
PC. When we back test the value area low
as support, we make a lower high and
then we make an either lower low. And so
here's what we really need to pay
attention to. So long as the Bitcoin
price cannot reclaim 62, let's call it
63,000.
The highest probability right now is
that we come down even lower to at least
the Fibonacci golden pocket from the
bare market bottom to the bull market
all-time high. This is coming in between
$53,000
and $58ish,000.
That is the highest probability right
now just based on the market structure
and the fact that we've had multiple
opportunities to reclaim resistances and
change market structure, but we have not
been able to do so. Just a quick
reminder, guys. If you want to join the
Casper crew, where we give the trade
setups in the moment, telling people
what I'm doing, why we're doing it,
giving the juicy short trade up tens of
thousands of dollars, given the dang
long trades, you can go to jason
caspertrading.com, click the link to
join the community where myself and
three other instructors are doing live
trading multiple times a day. Also, if
you want to trade Bitcoin and altcoins,
KSEX 10% deposit bonus up to $21,000
bonus, the lowest fees anywhere. 0%
limit order, 0.01% market order. Also,
I'm trading on Antarctic. This is a DEX.
All right. The money is held in your own
wallet, not on somebody's platform. No
KYC, no VPN, totally decentralized with
the lowest fees available, and it
operates like a centralized exchange
interface. beautiful mobile app, all
that good stuff. Big things coming for
Antarctic. In the future, links in the
pin comment and description if you're
interested. Okay, so that being said,
that the highest probability is we are
bearish. What trades are we looking for
right now? Well, for me right now, I'd
actually be looking for more downside.
And if we get a rise to the upside,
there are a few important areas that I'm
interested in looking for a short from.
The first one is actually going to be
the back test of the macro value area
low and the local PC around 62,500
maintaining this bearish market
structure. The next place that I'd be
interested in looking for a short is
from the Fibonacci golden pocket up to
the Fibonacci 786 zone. Maybe given a
little room to take that high. And we
also have the local value area low. If
we're going to continue in this bearish
market structure, one of these areas is
likely to give us the rejection. and I'd
be looking to take it down to around
$58,000 if I see bearish confirmations.
Now, if we start to drop lower, I'm very
much so interested in taking a long
trade from this macro Fibonacci golden
pocket. I think this is, if we zoom out,
a very important zone of support simply
because it's also the lows of this
previous range that we were trading back
in the fall of 2024, summer and fall of
2024. And so coming down into this area
is not just the golden pocket, but it's
also a key support that we've had in the
past. And so for the first time right
now on market cipher B, we are
potentially going to print a weekly
bullish divergence. All right, this is a
macro cycle bottom signal. This is the
bottom signal for Bitcoin. The last time
we had a weekly bullish divergence,
guess what? It was the bottom. We also
know that we are heading into the last
few months of the bare market, which
means on these drops, not only am I
looking for longs, I'm also looking to
buy on spot. Let's not forget the
reality of the situation.
Every single cycle, Bitcoin bottoms out
365 days after the all-time high. Look
at 2017 to the bottom in 2018, about a
year. 365 days. From the top in 2021 to
the bottom in 2022, guess what? about a
year, 365 days. If we take a measuring
tool from our current all-time high in
October 6, 2025 and measure 365 days,
it's going to take us to the beginning
of October. Also notice that Bitcoin
always bottoms out around the key fib
level of the 786 Fibonacci, which this
time is going to be just below $40,000,
giving us a beautiful buy zone here
between 40,000 and $60,000 to really
look to load up on Bitcoin, assuming
that this bullish divergence will
confirm within the next few months, and
it's going to give us our cycle bottom.
So yeah, I'm going to be looking for a
long from around this area, but also in
the event that we get another drop down
here, it's going to have to be a quick
kind of capitulation thing. This is
really where I start to get bullish.
Now, a lot of people get scared when the
price dumps. This is where we have to
make our plan in advance so that when or
if it happens, we're not moved by our
emotion, but we're moved by the plan
that we made in advance. Right? We have
something to hang on to that's not our
emotion. Now, we have to talk about one
more scenario here, which is this. Where
would I stop being bearish? Where would
I stop looking for another move to the
downside? For me right now, guys, what I
would have to see is a weekly close
closing above value area low above 62K
and ideally this purple weekly candle
closing above the previous weekly level
at 65.6.
If we are closing this weekly candle
above this area here, what does that
mean? It means this is actually a really
nice looking low. It's a really nice
looking low. Not only did we get a fake
out of the fake out, but we have fake
out, we have follow-through, and we have
a higher high on the weekly as far as
the candle closes go. As far as if we
had a line chart on here above this
green line, this would be a change of
market structure locally on our weekly,
then I would say, you know what, I could
actually see us coming back up to the
top of the range around the $76,000
level. But we have very clear criteria
to determine whether or not we flip our
bias. And of course, just because the
price is up here doesn't mean I
immediately long, right? It means I wait
for some kind of entry. Maybe we get a
back test like this, a higher low. Maybe
we see something locally right here
where we can get into a trade. The point
is the bias will change and the trades
that we look for will change if we get
that weekly close above the level. And
if not, then we say because this is a
game of probabilities, well, lower is
still more probable. All right, y'all.
That is it for today's video. Make sure
to like, subscribe, and click the bell.
God bless everyone in Jesus name, in the
name of Yeshua, the Messiah. And I pray
you and your families are super blessed
in many ways. And I will see everybody
in the next video. Peace.